Docs Java and other small fixes and clarifications (#12746)
metabase/metabase: docs/operations-guide/running-the-metabase-jar-file.md

# Running the Metabase JAR file

To run Metabase via a JAR file, you will need to have a Java Runtime Environment (JRE) installed on your system.

### Install Java JRE

We recommend the latest LTS version of JRE from [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/releases.html) with HotSpot JVM and x64 architecture, but other [Java versions](./java-versions.md) are supported too.

### Download Metabase

> Go to the [Metabase Download Page](https://metabase.com/start/jar.html) and download the latest release. Place the downloaded JAR-file into a newly created directory (as it will create some files when it is run)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the [Metabase download page](https://metabase.com/start/jar.html) and download the latest release. Place the downloaded JAR file into a newly created directory (as it will create some files when it is run).
```

### Launching Metabase

> Now that you have a working Java, you can now run the jar from a terminal with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have Java working you can run the JAR from a terminal with:
```

> # Running the Metabase JAR-file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Running the Metabase JAR file
```

> To run the Metabase JAR-file you need to have Java Runtime Environment (JRE) installed on your system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run the Metabase JAR file, you need to have Java Runtime Environment (JRE) installed on your system.
```

### Download Metabase

> If you haven't done so already the first thing you need to do is [Download Metabase](https://metabase.com/start/jar.html). Simply save the JAR-file to a folder on your system where you wish to run Metabase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first step is to [Download Metabase](https://metabase.com/start/jar.html). Simply save the JAR-file to a folder on your system where you wish to run Metabase.
```

> ### Verify Java is installed

Reviewer 2: Can we point toward the java versions page for this info instead, so the info is just in one place?
